**************
* TEAM NOTES *
**************
How to read:

	*These were taken as meetings progressed.  They are "generally" formatted according to this manner:
		>> = Major topic of discussion
		*, ~, -, --, etc = sub-topics or notes

	*These are NOTES; not whole complete "minutes" of the meeting, and are here for posterity and idea-refreshing.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Meeting 9/11/03 9:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Team Roles:
	*Team Leader / Design Lead
	*Requirements Lead
	*Configuration Manager / Quality Assurance
	~error: assign tasks after config. mgr. defined
>>CVS Clients
	*WinCVS?  TkCVS?
>>Monday Schedule:
	Shomper: Meet at 3pm to discuss FlexIDE
	Bulk is on Requirements Lead & Client Interview

Weekly Meeting Schedule:
	>>Thursdays, 8pm

>>Project Info:
	*Cross Platform: Win, Linux
	*2 Languages (assuming no Java): C++, Python
		--Got Mark's vote
		--Dave leans for C++
		--Taking Advantage of the Language?
		--Scintilla Editor?
	*2 Toolkit: QT or WxWindows
		--QT: Get Shomper to go for an educational liscence
		--Developers Liscense?  Restrictions?  Dorm-only?
		--WxWindows: don't like model (MFC!!)
		--Documentation Sux
	*Paradigm: FDD, variation thereof
		--Documentation keeping track of features
		--Management Software
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Phone Meeting 9/15/2003 12:20am
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Team Roles
	*Contact Person: Mark?
	*Design Lead (how classes interact, functions, how things work): --WOW--
	*Requirements Lead: Mark?
	*Config Mngr: Dave?
	*Quality Assurance: Ben?
	*Testing: Ben?
>>Interview:
	*requirements?
	*list of features, go into detail from there
		-eg: handling restrictions (student/teacher)
	*Teacher / Student decides features.
	*Automation?
	*target age group of ultimate users?
	*Handling of Projects?
		--Describe to extent which we can handle
	*DON'T TOUCH GUI design... aka our IDE making GUI's.
	*What an IDE is?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Interview 9/15/2003 3:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

>>What he wants
	*syntax highlighting
	*code completion
	*www.parinya.ca
	*www.scintilla.org
	*our ability to port in code from off-the-counter freeware
	*other teams interaction (animated debugger, auto-grader) with us?

>>Requirements
    *The FLEX part of the IDE should provide a basic text-editor.  As time & complexity increase, the editor will provide nearly identical functionality to that of Visual C++, including a command-prompt window and syntax highlighting.
    *Control is to be implemented at our discretion.  Ultimate control for features should be given to the teacher, though students should be allowed to explore on their own.  The idea is of a master switch that makes them AVAILABLE, but not neccesarily open unless the student activates them.
    *The IDE is to include a debugger (import the animated debugger project?) and a terminal window that can connect to the linux servers.
    *Linux is the primary environment to run in.  Then Windows.
    *No preferences with development tools, nor problems with "off the shelf" code.

>>Features
    *debugger (with step functionality)
    *terminal window
    *syntax highlighting
    *code completion (typing class name auto-finishes)
    *%%code hiding%%  (if we can...)
    *master-control to the teacher
    *hidden complexity for simple/beginner students
    *full functionality for advanced students
    *some project handling
    *communication with the Linux servers
    *local / server based runtime for program

>>Documentation notes:
    *loosely follow templates, edit as we see fit

>>Process notes:
    *organize & operate as we see fit
    *suggested: give prog. hours to team leader
    *present deliverables to keep an external order
    *no real restriction to straight-process
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 9/18/2003 8:02pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Review:
	*IDE is run locally
	*2 options for compiling: server or client
	*-therefore, the CLI is very simple.  Still need the SSH session...
	*minimilistic commands?  simple command-line
	*some frustration with Gallagher & his Linux  :)
	
	*2 CLI: the terminal session, the command line thingy

	*IDE is completely GUI.  And there was much rejoicing.  YAY!
	*User is able to have files on local box, server box
	***solution: the save dialogue has 2-pane window.  Pane 1: local.  Pane 2: server
	***solution: two seperate save dialogues.  "Save on Server..." / "Save..."
	***note: compile local, compile server: make the current status obvious
	***solution: switch between remote & local
>>Discussion of issues:
	~the terminal is gonna be one of the most significant
	~SSH library
	~GUI Issues:
		*main function: transfer info from user to "managers"
		*keeps track of windows / frames / boxes / etc
		*doesn't send stuff to user persay, more or less passing from user
		*manager sends own messages
		*manager has to know what isn't allowed?
	~enable / disable issues:
		*showing / hiding of things, so GUI must communicate with PM
		*PM will pass messages, but not much else
	~editing management
		*editor window
		*everything that happens here.  Oui
		*communicates with debugger
		*communicates a little with compiler manager (compiler lets editor know what lines have problems)
	~compiler management
		*deals with terminal management
		*communicates with editor
		*communicates a little with network
		*communicates with debugger?
	~network management
	~CVS issue: e-mail whenever something is committed
>>"Managers": Design
	~GUI		@Mark
	~Permission	@Ben
	~Compiler	@Dave
	~Editor		@Mark
	~Network	@Dave
	~Debugger	@Ben
>>Roles:
	*Team Lead	@Mark
	*Project Lead	@Mark
	*Req. Lead	@Ben
	*Design Lead	@Dave
	*Config Mng 	@Dave
	*QA		@Ben
	*Testing	@Ben
	*Scribe Guru	@Ben

	*TEAM NAME:
	*Project Management: Tasks, due dates, etc.

>>Next Step:
	*break up managers, divy them into research, submodel them
	*create a full "stub" interface with no functionality
	*Submodel notes:
		~little worry about breaking submodel up
		~NEEDS TO KNOW about MESSAGES
		~who you NEED to talk to
		~how you talk to ME
		~how you can RECEIVE messages
	~DUE: 9/25/03
	~Need to establish communication guidelines
	~Possibility of 2nd meeting?  Sunday nite?  Quick 15 min thing.
	~Mark: take care of proj. mng. thing
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 9/25/2003 8:06pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Review:
	-Mark's got the proj. management
		~CVS monitor, Perl, etc.
	-no one has sub-modeling.  NEED that for next week.
>>Next Week:
	-Documentation
	-Submodels
	-Knowing who talks to who or how
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/07/2003 8:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Debugger Manager things
	*write a go-between for the GUI & the animated / internal debugger
	*creating a front
	*have to get Oreily GDB (or any other GDB)
>>CVS stuff...
	*nearly done
	*beast server nearly online; use SSH
>>Directory Structure
	*folder for each module? +comment?  YUP
>>OS Refocus
	*Linux not big?
>>Dues
	*Requirements 2nd draft due: 10/16 (next Thurs)
	*Set up meeting to double-check
	*re-vamp SRS
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/12/2003 11:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status check:
	*Mark: got the Cintilla editor working with keywords highlighted
		~saving to the server?
	*Dave: CVS working
		~list of dir's he has yet to create.  WxWindows to add?
		~compiling WxWin--> files on their system
	*Ben: what?

>>Comming up!!
	*Meeting with Shomper: 8am Wed.; presenting the SRS (2nd revision... who has that?)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/19/2003 11:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Quickie Update
>>Needs?
	*SRS: Use case, due Thurs.  Mark's got it.  I should do it.  :)
	*Presentation!!
	*Requirements Mng. Position??
	*Permissions Interface: bit-matching!
		~32 bits!  w00t!
		~passwords?  that he can rotate?
		~based on password it decides what's enabled
		~passwords with bit-matching?  woah
		~no server connection.  no daemon program.
>>Presentation
	~Mark sends list with our Initials for ideas research
	~have all ideas back by Tuesday 6p
	~Wed: 15 min presentation: 10pm
>>No meetin' Thursday
>>Next meetin': Monday, 11
>Items for consideration
	*Threading
	*Eclipse experimentation (IDE... Dave's development env.)
	*Plink (commandline version of putty)-- Dave's arena
>>Goals
	Dave: getting Plink to run, WXWindows
	Mark: GUI! GUI! GUI!
	Ben: begin code>> permissions manager (experiment with bitmatching)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/27/2003 10:05pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>review of presentation
	~things to add
	~things missed
	~good points
>>discussion of open file dialogue & problems
	~network mapping
	~firewall the linux server?
	~re-creation of the open-file dialogue
	~communication NECCESARY for networks manager
	~elimination of the "up one level" directory nav. button
	~new folder button a possibility?
>>Accomplishments
	~Dave is getting comfy with Eclipse
	~Mark played for hours with the compiler & making a standalone
	~Ben ... wasn't here & dealing with 3 year olds & dizziness
>>needs for next meeting (Thursday)?
	*Design Document (Dave assigns to us)
	*Meeting with animated debugger team (Thursday?)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/30/2003 8:33pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Discussion: SDD
	-change to "global" syntax
	-error handling: ALL ERRORS in a log file (initially).  Also #if_def them (#if_def testing make log file)
	-design work on localities of files
	-keep 6.0 in
>>for Sunday
	-alternative meeting time?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/02/2003 11:33pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Entry:
	-SDD 1.0 in.  2.0 due 13th Nov.
>>Stuff we had to do this week
	-Dave: exec thread -> problems with Cintella compiler, no success compiling.  Question from Ben about -g option in compilation for compiling.
	-Mark: in terms of debugging, using wxWindows "logdebug" for watching errors.  Worked on GUI.  Added debug buttons (play, pause, step over, step into, step out).  Did some work on disabling the save button if no modifications.  Knows how to handle events.
	-Ben: began permissions managing code.  Researched debugger.

>>To do:
	-Ben-->Bring book & get ready for Tuesday to discuss debugger.  Permissions
	-Mark->putting logdebug into section 5.5 of SDD.  Work out debugging buttons in sub-window?
	-Dave->same ole
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/06/2003 8:10pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Progress
	*SDD updated!  W00T!  ;)
	*Team meetings Tuesday
		~"Virtual Prof" looks easy to integrate
		~Animated Debugger?  Dave's skeptical. Low level integrate is plausible, but the high-level integration?  Not gonna happen.  Maybe middle of next semester things'll work out, but otherwise... no worries.

	*The Debugger: as simple as Ben had hoped.  Runs in its own window, so it can be piped.  Mark sees similarities with the networking wrapper.

	*Dave: Progress on the WXProcess.  Not integrated with Plink.

>>File manipulation talk
	*File open dialogue
	*SCP Use?  No.  SFTP to list files & port into dialogue.
	*Threading purposes?  Neccesity?
	*Plink can list.  SCP for copy files.  Or maybe just SFTP.

>>Questions
	*Threading with the blocking?
	*Is the terminal such a big deal?  Will it be hidden in most advanced form?
	*Where do we need to stand at end of semester?
		~some semblence of features together & working together.
		~3 WEEKS... and something needs to be put together

>>Stuff to do: (going to Project Manager)
	*Mark: wants to Lookup "The linux Development Platform", start list of items to put together
	*Ben: needs to start coding debugger
	*Dave?  He knows.  :)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/09/2003 11:26pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Progress?
	*Mark- found a telnet programmy thingie.  Some problems, e-mailed guy for fixes.
	*Dave- tried to get the process class going.  Got distracted.
	*Ben- apparently got the wrong stuff.  Looking for minGW

>>Notes
	*Talk with Jake: doing same thing we're doing?
	*Confusion over Jake's group using the Linux box's GDB & not grabbing minGW.
	*List of specifics working by 20th?

>>To do
	*List of items working by 20th
	*Mark: specifics on open-dialogue
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/16/2003 11:12pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>SDD Talk
	*wants detail
	*return the section we deleted
	*assigning of sections

>>telnet & ssh: DAVE!!
	*diagramed on paper what's goin' on
	*beautiful "Sexy" packet forwarding
	*Putty issues?  Looking into putty-source to see if we can take advantage of it
	*Plink can port-forward...

>>Demo time completions (~###~ => optional, ~###% => strongly recommended)
	*Dave: General LVL1 user running.  Open files, ~listing remote files~, ~embedded terminal%, functional debugger
	*Mark: agree.  Text editor is running...
	*ben: no comment
	*Dave: terminal is *sorta* working.

>>Upcomming week:
	*Tuesday: <<<CODE DAY>>>
	*Mark: Taking TA_Telnet & swapping it into the editor?  Eliminating frills.  Figurin' stuff out.
	*Ben: MinGW.... ack,survive week.  !!!Permissions by 25th!!!
	*Dave: finishing open dialogue.  File listings: LS.  Working with WX processes with Plink.
	*Meeting Thursday... 8pm

>>THANKSGIVING NOTE: Port 5190 with SSH
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/16/2003 11:12pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Where are we?
	*Presentation Tuesday (panic)
	*Permissions code ... sorta working.  :)
>>Discussion of presentation
	*We should mention interaction with visual debugger & virtual prof.
		~VP: instantiate class, & that'll handle it
		~Debugger: spawn process & it'll do it's thing.
	*Mark & Ben(?) presents
	*Dave does the clicky
	*Tastk list?
		~have more, but is it defined??
		~no.  Gotta hash it out
		~Meeting Monday 8pm 1.5 hr meeting
		~Discuss & Do.
	*Ben needs Chameleon on his box
>>To DO:
	*Meeting tomorrow 8pm!!
	*Adapt permissions with try_catch blocks (if file doesn't open, keep track... return -1)

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 01/25/2004 11:15pm (2nd of the year)
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Discussions on the save-file problems.  Solutions for crash errors.
>>Things broken in the initial beta demo:
	-tab names?  fixed
	-caching? fixed
	-saving? working...
>>Release v2!!
	-user interface re-working
		~networking
		~open dialogue: if network connection fails, error message shows but open dialogue shows anyway.  kill.
		~starting Chameleon: clicking "open" results in "unknown network error"
		~Ben needs to play with it.
		~Local / Remote play with items... after / before the open dialogue?  BEFORE: it's standard, easier to code.
		~network transparency with debugging?  how will it make sense to the user?  USE CASE!!!
	-what do we need?
		~terminal (working & embedded).  Doable for next beta?
			*TA telnet?
			*GT code -- provides functionality?  not entirely...
			*Tera-term -- weird liscence... no colors ;).  SSH is an add-on DLL!  oooh.
			*Putty...?  Yanking it out?  Converting?  dave doesn't know... but he's hopeful (last hope??)
			*Plink?
		~Prof Program!

>>What to look for in next meeting:
	*Dave: GT code providing functionality
	     : Putty fixups
	*Mark: Save file dialogue?
	*Ben : Get a professor program running!!  Debugger>> it MUST be working when they're ready for it.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 01/29/2004 8:55pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>review
	~we have a beta!!
	~what now?
>>Chasing bugs
>>Ben's Debugger
	~What is GDB capable of doing?
	~Basic functionality >> advanced
	~C++ Delphi?  Check it out to see how they wrap GDB.
	~Meeting Friday, 10pm
>>What we need now
	~permissions (prof program, adding things to it's list)
	~Features list
		-refresh button (for remote dir. listing)
		-terminal
		-debugging
		-compiling (remote & local)
		-project management (beasty)
>>For Next Thursday
	~get some bugs / all bugs
	~refresh button
	~talk about Terminal (mark & Dave)
	~options / prof program
>>Modes
	~"R" or "L" per tab
	~icon in toolbar indicating what mode?  Status bar indicator on file's mode?
	~toggle switch / button in tool-bar
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/01/2004 11:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>See <a href="meet_020104.htm">meet_020104.htm</a>
>>For next Thursday
	Mark: prof program, terminal code, USER MANUAL
	Dave: terminal code
	Ben: Debugger
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/08/2004 10:40pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Progress?
	-Mark: Re-vamped open-file dialogue.  Perm Manager commited.  Minor research into password encrypting.
	-Note: we don't intend to save passwords, unless customer makes request or other idea.
	-Dave: Async issues:
		*multithreading difficulties.
		*event loops in core of WxWin was not running code when it should have been
>>Presentation
	-same presentation as last time... tweak things that are empty / need tweaking.
	-Chat for Monday: make sure we're set
	-Talk
		*3-6 Major Activities or tasks: (1) File dialogue [complete], (2) Networking [ongoing],
			(3) Debugger [ongoing], (4) Terminal [ongoing], (5) GUI [ongoing], (6) Beta [accomplishment]
		*Beta: We've showed it, crashed it, gotten bugs... but that means people are USING it!
		*--which means it CAN be used!!
		*Follow e-mail for what & when to talk?
	-Who's Who:
		>Dave: (3) Networking
		>Ben: (1) Beta (4) Debug
		>Mark: (2) Remote File Dialogue
		>Tag-Team:(5) Terminal (6) Bug Fixin
	>>>>watch e-mail for outline presentation
		1-D-overview
		2-A-status (6 items)
		3-M-demonstration (demo)
		4-A-Chameleon: show it off?
			%text editor
			%mult. tabs (closing non-active tab!!)
			%saving (it asks for saving modified files; no save yet!)
			%networking--open file, walk DIR tree, save file
			%perm manager (if it works, show.  otherwise, NOOO)
		5-M-Project Summary (Task list) :: WE have a firm foundation.  Now it's building on it.
		6-A-Q's
>>Installer
	-we're gonna need it at some point...
	-looked at options.  NSIS: very complicated, but powerful.
>>Task List Review.
	-Debugger... ONE WEEK AT LEAST
	-Terminal Talk... scrolling & stuff
>>Requirements:
	-prof. codes by demo time (TUESDAY).
	-asynch Plink by Monday Nite.
	-Ben: DEBUG DEBUG DEBUG!!!  Strip all file I/O from perm. prog.
	-Mark: Saving .ini file to %user_path%
	-Dave: put up a build monday night
	**UpDaTe TASK LISTS**
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/12/2004 8:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>What's up?
	-Succesful presentation!
	-Mark's gone through the G-Term code
		--History will be considered "not doable" until terminal is working
		--if customer asks?  We can't lead him on; we should tell him.  Hold off until Mark's worked it.
	-Design issues:
		--networking ASYNC: when is an event is thrown?  on arrival of character or completion of line?
		--so how would GDB connect?  Dave hands me a pointer to a plink session.
		--the commands being sent are identical between local/remote...
		--the difference is a pointer in my program to a wxProcess that Mark could pass me

		--debugger: new insantiation every time debugger is begun
		--should the debugger be aware of local/remote?
		--Dave is now saying it should & I get a pointer to a network object
		--back to events!

		--How are events handled?
		--when we have a lot of output comming through the buffer, who's holding it?
		--gdb launches the other program in a seperate window... how do we get that output?
>>For nExT wEeK
	-no history for term?
	-local/remote option with locations of important programs
	-GDB: more research
	-network: 
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/15/2004 11:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>AOL chat + phone call
	--VNC demo
	--GDB handles output for [a.out] on the command line!  but that means I need to parse it more...
	--better check this with John & Jeremiah
	--so design issue: Dave throws an event, I catch, and parse.  I send command to Dave.
>>Progress?  no....
	--visible in GDB
	--messing with ASync
	--kuddos to Dave!!
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/22/2004 11:00pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status Report!
	~Mark: tweeks with the editor, new buttons, more commits... 65% done?
	~Dave: REAL productive weekend... but now it's broken...  Something about deleting null pointers.  Re-wrote the events & now it won't compile.  Before it was working AWESOME!! Sending all the events correctly!  And then... oops.  x_x  Tried to figure out why it crashed on exit.
	~Ben: majority of debugger code is there!  time to debug  ^_^
>>Needs for Mark:
	~For buttons>> details about what to hook up & what return types
>>Project Discussion
	~it's all in the GUI (code?)
	~better to have a seperate class
>>Misc. Discussion...
	-user manual: Mark's use cases (yay!).
	-local/remote: which is default?? what happens if remote isn't an option?  meeting with the customer!
	-local/remote: on newfile, how do we ask?
	-local/remote: i have a remote file open, i click a toggle button to switch mode... what happens?
	-local/remote: expanding the fileMenu with "Save Local".."Save Remote".."Open Local"..
	-local/remote: adding an open button (local / remote).  CLicking "Save" brings up a small dialoge: "Local / Remote?"
	-parser: problem with remote parsing of files... it looks for all libraries.  how can we manage this remotely??
	-parser: caching?  saving local copy of requested file?
	-parser: research into converitng into C over break
	-debugger: change from wxProcess -> wxProcess2.  Dave has code for me??
>>Mark's Patch to wxWindows  (0.0)
	-we'll have to update & re-compile our wxWindows build (soon to be wxWidgets?)
>>Friday discussion between Mark & Dave & networking...
>>wxProcess2() is what we need for debugger...
>>This week....
	-Dave: wxProcess2().  Expect thursday for somewhat workable code to assimulate into debug.  3 stage compiling?  1= they type in terminal.  2= insert compile stuff into terminal.  3=background
	-Mark: Project management
	-Ben: test debugger with what he's got
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/26/2004 10:40pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status!
	~Ben's been slacking.  :(  Still with Dave's new code I need to re-adjust my code.  oh, permissions is updated.
	~Mark?  not as much progress as he'd like...
	~Dave?  Got ASYNC working (wow).  Attempted wxSSH, one compile error...
>>Project Management?
	-Dave's ideas... he smells "it" comming... what are we allowing user to do, what can we do
	-What is a project?  A collection of files that go together & compile at once.
	-Allow user to open a workspace, close, & compile.  Ability to include EZ-Windows Library...
	-Items:
	1) storing items local / absolute?  So when compiler gets files, absolute paths are needed.
	2) Mark wants to store them relative
	3) Issue of mixed projects
	Use cases:
		P1) User has a remote project open, wants to save locally...
		S1) He see's "Open Project" and "Close/Save Project"... no custom save spots

		P2) User closes a project...
		S2) Windows with files stay open.  Project file closes.  -OR- Pop up a dialogue for Y/N to close all docs

		S3) When project attributes modified, project configuration saved (not to disk).

		P4) Project is modified... do we update every mod on the server?
		S4) Save-to-disc project files when project is closed.

		P5) User opens a new project / User creates new project (project is open currently)
		S5) Ask user with dialoge if he/she wants to close current project (Yes / Cancel)

		P6) User wants to compile a project, but 2 files have "int main()"
		P6) Add "compile / no compile" attributes to files being added.  DEFAULT: compile

		S7) Dave doesn't need header files... so Mark will add a section of "compile these" files

		~~discussion on compiling and clicking lines & re-focusing... where the output goes, etc~~
>>Due date...
	-what does Shomper want MINIMUM...?
	-need to meet with him
	-auto-completion (gonna make it work only for local...)?  We'd like to drop this (unexpected complexity, lack of time, impracticality...)
	-meeting with Shomper Tuesday at NOON (need e-mail)
>>Due STuff
	-Ben: Debugger!  duh!
	-User Manual -=-
		Dave does Compiler, Networking
		ben does debugging & perm
		Mark does project, gui, editor
		Tutorial?
		**OUTLINE DUE SUNDAY**
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 02/29/2004 11:30pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status!  What have we done?
	-Mark?  uh... he had a hectic weekend.  Issues with terminal resize.
	-Ben?  State machine for GDB.  More code, adjusting code, etc.
	-Dave?  Terminal code friday.  Playing around with it since then... issues with Gterm eating text... event issues...
>>New Beta?
	-include: TERMINAL
	-back from Spring Break?  Week from monday we get back: 3/22/04
	-FEATURE FREEZE MONDAY we get back (3/15)
	-3/15 - Meeting as well
>>Outlook!
	-TUESDAY: meeting.  Topics?
		1) Feature rollback
		2) Demo progress
		3) Default mode
	-this week is bad.  :(  Midterms & projects & whatnot.
	-Spring break here we come!
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Customer Meeting 03/02/2004 12:30pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>Question of Default Mode: Shomper says remote is to be the default mode
>we want to roll-back the code completion feature.  Shompher: that's fine
>Major functionality as a minimum:
	-"Major Features" -> GUI, debugger, editor, networking, compiler
	-Shomper wants each of these functional.
	-The debugger would be a wonderful addition; it's not "neccesary" but it'd be nice...
	**2nd Presentation**:
		~create a new file, save, compile in terminal, re-write, re-save, re-compile for demo
		~demonstration of a project?
>Feedback
	+our group is most interactive & responsive
	+we seem to work well as a team
	+we're organized (so it seems...)
	+group contribution is high
	-Ben's seperate from the main group... sorta... this confused me when i took notes
>Demonstration of terminal?  It's all good.
>Thoughts on permissions:
	-add a label with current authorization code in CHAMELEON
	-add a reverse-authorize ability in PROFESSOR PROGRAM

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 3/04/2004 9:00pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>see <a href="meet_030404.htm">meet_030404.htm</a>

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 3/15/2004 11:17pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status Report:
	*Where we are...
	*Mark's got some terminal history running... ALMOST done... 85% or better.
	*Proj. Mng: 90% done
	*Debugger interface?  um... we can display breakpoints!  ^_^
	*Dave: wxProcess2!!  woo!!  It's a BEAST.  hee hee.
>>Feature freeze? Wed. Night.
	>want compiling
	>want text colors in
	>Options class
>>Next Beta:
	*scrolling
	*compiling
>>After the beta??
	*finish up the major peices... by Final Presentation
	*3/23?????!!!!!!
	*Presentation
>>Stuff to keep Debugger on task?
	*evening e-mails... for starters... just how much code I did.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 3/18/2004 8:32pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status:
	*Mark's got the Terminal going "pretty sexy" (quote from Dave).
	*Ben's coded Step parsing, just hasn't tested it...
	*Dave's worked with Compiler
>>Optios Dialogue:
	*restructuring?  hasn't gone anywhere yet
	*more options for Dave (compiling file remotely... etc)
	*Remove misc. permissions items: just remove datastructures.h: 
		telnet testing, test perm, name completion
	*Add "Adv. Compiler Output" permission

>>Design issues:
	*Should we add a "View" menu?
	*Removing "terminal" from permissions?
	*Make the terminal default?

>>Items to deliver / talk
	*Deliver Prof. Prog. for Shomper
	*Label in Options Dialogue
	*Reverse Engineer code

>>Before we can deliver Beta
	*Remove CRC
	*Options label (auth code)
	*Scrollbar play
	*Dynamic Compiler Window?
	
	*NEXT WEEK!  FEATURE RELEASE with DEbuGGER!!  w00+!  we hope?!?

>>Next Meeting:
	*Tuesday night: meeting for presentation!!
	*Debugger had BETTER be connected & running...
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 3/21/2004 11:30pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status:
	*Ben: ~waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh~  :(  Debugger class overhawl #3
	*Dave: filename stuff.
	*Mark: ~zzz~  oh, code!  YEAH!
>>Discussion
	*modified files: who knows?  What get sent to Debugger?
	*Project: when do we need to know if a file in a project has been modified?
	*Debugger & Adv. Compilation needs to know.

	*So why don't we gray out Debug button & Run button when a file has been modified (any file)

	*When compiled, compiler needs to be able to get path/filename of executable so mark can send me it.
	*
>>Presentation?  Hopefully we can demo Debugger a bit... depends on how well Mark & I work.
>>TODO:
	*Debugger (duh)
	*Beta: Feature Release #1
	*Tues: Presentation
	*ADV Compilation. (when local & project compilation are done, local dir. cache, then...)
	*Mark: Printing?  Eh... we'll see...
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 3/28/2004 11:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status:
	*Mark: Save As... Remote should work now. / Added flush-config in options dialogue / GUI updated for Debugger!
	*Dave: Network security... check with Dr. Shomper?  Plink connect -> re-working, progress, still a ways off. / Async progress? Eta- 1.5 hrs.  Adv. Compiling?  THURSDAY is set
	*Ben: itching over the REST of my homework... and finances... and debugger finishing (APRIL?!).  What classes does he [Shomper] use??  Figure out what primitives he would like to see.  TODO: custom function, user input / output?

>>TODO:
	*Ben: fix breakpoints, watching variables, user input / output, perfect code, test code.
	*Dave: Thursday, Adv compiling and async networking
	*Mark: if he's bored... printing, then the other random functions (pulling out SSH)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/01/2004 8:45pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status>
	*Mark: Working on ... ?
	*Dave: Not a lot of progress... upset that it's not done.  Muddled in design ideas.
	*Ben: minimal coding.

>>Issues: (breakpoints)
	*need to document SOMEWHERE that we can't get GDB to spit out a path for breakpoints...
	*the limit = identical file names in one compiled file, different paths, cannot be differentiated

	*GDB doesn't accept tildes in file paths
	*solution?  getting home directory, avoid tilde?

>>Things this week:
	*Project code has been re-hashed.
	*Projects are stored absolute. (??)
	*Next Thursday: Maint. Manual DUE  So we need to do something about it
	*BETA: Handed to Ben Next Saturday for playing
		-->printing
		-->breakpoints (variable watching??)
		-->?2.5?

>>Maintenance Manual:
	*Doxigen for our code.
	*Detail issue: *see requirements*
	*Latest: start it tuesday in class

>>Design:
	*issues with remote/local networking pointer sending
	*Debugger needs a re-design in [start()]
	*Dave may have found a round-about...he'll have to tell Debugger since

>>By Sunday:
	--dave: reworking networking
	--mark: ??
	--ben: Variable watching functional (??), breakpoints DONE & over, GDB custom view / send function?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/03/2004 11:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status:
	*Projects -> lookin' pretty good.  done?
	*Variable watching -> alternative to printing out strings.
	*Networking -> testing plink class & about to make the event class
>>Networking Discussion...
	*networking & Plink has been re-factored, it's lookin' nice
>>Variable watching
	*behind schedule, theoretical issues worked...
>>maint. manual>>
	*Tuesday meeting at the Lab IN CLASS.
	*have something?!?
	*re-do the classes??
		--member variables have "m_"
		--class names with capital first letter
		--function names start with lower case
>>Tasks
	*Debugger:: ben is behind, variable watching is tight, so .... do we let it slide per Ben's slacking?
		--Mark is in favor of "resource re-allocation"
		--Dave wants Mark to commit things in small chunks so Ben can work on it
	*Networking: finish!
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/08/2004 8:45pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>For this meeting:
	*Instalation
	*Documents MOD
>>Documents (revising to reflect the project)
	-Ben has to link up this document
	-These are LOW PRIORITY
>>Code:
	*DONE BY WEDNESDAY April 14th
	*Wrap up test prog Dave sent me to put in the Maint. Manual.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/15/2004 8:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Discussion on Code problems..
>>STATUS
	*Our showing off to Dr. Shomper went well today
	*still working on making code work
>>FINAL PRESENTATION!!
	*25-35 minutes
	*Roles
		--Dave: Intro, Design, Current Status
		--Ben: Requirements, future evolution
		--Mark: Accomplishments / Major Goals, Demo
	*DONE BY SUNDAY: 9pm
>>Work to Get Done
	*Refine Debugger
>>Tweaks between Presentation & Hand-in
	*Install Package
	-->ZIP FILE!!<--
	*free install programs...?

>>Meet FRIDAY 9:30pm -->room
	*code & stamp "DONE"
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/18/2004 9:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Presentation Work.
>>Status?  My debugger's broken!! -B
>>Demo for Tuesday notes:
	-Whoz Doin What?
		--Mark: Working
		--Dave: narrating
		--Ben: watching the jaw drop
	-The Setup:
		--pre-installation
		--pre-testing (run through this)
	-What are we doing?
		--Start it
		--Logon
		--Default state - text editor mode (phase 0)
		--Make a simple hello-world & save it
		--Phase 1 - terminal activation / syntax highlighting, auto-indent
		--Use prof. program to get code
		--use terminal to compile & debug / run code
		--Phase 2 - basic compiler
		--open (L)testprog.cpp
		--show off tabs
		--save (R)testprog2.cpp (will have errors)
		--compile & show errors.
		--fix & re-compile.
		--Phase 3 - Projects
		--Phase 4 - Debugger
		--Phase 5 - Adv. Compiling
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/22/2004 9:00pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>LAST MEETING!!! (not)
>>Final Turn in:
	*T drive needs
		-Documents
		-ALL Source & data Files
		-web content
		-anything else (compress what files you have into a big document... summarize, etc)
		-etc
		-burned CD?
		-installation CD
>>What needs to be done before then:
	*Documentation (source, and other)
	*Commented code (if neccesary) delete (code cleanup-> Sat night)
	*local process
	*cancel compile
>>Big discussion
	*local compilation
	*path situation with GDB
	*library linkage
	*GUI change
>>Meet Sunday to Finalize
	*local compiling working??
	*compilation cancelation
	*debugging after local compilation
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 4/25/2004 11:30pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Last meeting!!  For Real!!
>>Bug issues
>>Mark is busy
>>Turn-In tuesday or a day late?  Mostly documentation & personal notes.  That's all FOLKS!!

Thanks for hangin'!
-B- :The Editor