**************
* TEAM NOTES *
**************

Meeting 9/11/03 9:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Team Roles:
	*Team Leader / Design Lead
	*Requirements Lead
	*Configuration Manager / Quality Assurance
	~error: assign tasks after config. mgr. defined
>>CVS Clients
	*WinCVS?  TkCVS?
>>Monday Schedule:
	Shomper: Meet at 3pm to discuss FlexIDE
	Bulk is on Requirements Lead & Client Interview

Weekly Meeting Schedule:
	>>Thursdays, 8pm

>>Project Info:
	*Cross Platform: Win, Linux
	*2 Languages (assuming no Java): C++, Python
		--Got Mark's vote
		--Dave leans for C++
		--Taking Advantage of the Language?
		--Scintilla Editor?
	*2 Toolkit: QT or WxWindows
		--QT: Get Shomper to go for an educational liscence
		--Developers Liscense?  Restrictions?  Dorm-only?
		--WxWindows: don't like model (MFC!!)
		--Documentation Sux
	*Paradigm: FDD, variation thereof
		--Documentation keeping track of features
		--Management Software
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Phone Meeting 9/15/2003 12:20am
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Team Roles
	*Contact Person: Mark?
	*Design Lead (how classes interact, functions, how things work): --WOW--
	*Requirements Lead: Mark?
	*Config Mngr: Dave?
	*Quality Assurance: Ben?
	*Testing: Ben?
>>Interview:
	*requirements?
	*list of features, go into detail from there
		-eg: handling restrictions (student/teacher)
	*Teacher / Student decides features.
	*Automation?
	*target age group of ultimate users?
	*Handling of Projects?
		--Describe to extent which we can handle
	*DON'T TOUCH GUI design... aka our IDE making GUI's.
	*What an IDE is?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Interview 9/15/2003 3:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

>>What he wants
	*syntax highlighting
	*code completion
	*www.parinya.ca
	*www.scintilla.org
	*our ability to port in code from off-the-counter freeware
	*other teams interaction (animated debugger, auto-grader) with us?

>>Requirements
    *The FLEX part of the IDE should provide a basic text-editor.  As time & complexity increase, the editor will provide nearly identical functionality to that of Visual C++, including a command-prompt window and syntax highlighting.
    *Control is to be implemented at our discretion.  Ultimate control for features should be given to the teacher, though students should be allowed to explore on their own.  The idea is of a master switch that makes them AVAILABLE, but not neccesarily open unless the student activates them.
    *The IDE is to include a debugger (import the animated debugger project?) and a terminal window that can connect to the linux servers.
    *Linux is the primary environment to run in.  Then Windows.
    *No preferences with development tools, nor problems with "off the shelf" code.

>>Features
    *debugger (with step functionality)
    *terminal window
    *syntax highlighting
    *code completion (typing class name auto-finishes)
    *%%code hiding%%  (if we can...)
    *master-control to the teacher
    *hidden complexity for simple/beginner students
    *full functionality for advanced students
    *some project handling
    *communication with the Linux servers
    *local / server based runtime for program

>>Documentation notes:
    *loosely follow templates, edit as we see fit

>>Process notes:
    *organize & operate as we see fit
    *suggested: give prog. hours to team leader
    *present deliverables to keep an external order
    *no real restriction to straight-process
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 9/18/2003 8:02pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Review:
	*IDE is run locally
	*2 options for compiling: server or client
	*-therefore, the CLI is very simple.  Still need the SSH session...
	*minimilistic commands?  simple command-line
	*some frustration with Gallagher & his Linux  :)
	
	*2 CLI: the terminal session, the command line thingy

	*IDE is completely GUI.  And there was much rejoicing.  YAY!
	*User is able to have files on local box, server box
	***solution: the save dialogue has 2-pane window.  Pane 1: local.  Pane 2: server
	***solution: two seperate save dialogues.  "Save on Server..." / "Save..."
	***note: compile local, compile server: make the current status obvious
	***solution: switch between remote & local
>>Discussion of issues:
	~the terminal is gonna be one of the most significant
	~SSH library
	~GUI Issues:
		*main function: transfer info from user to "managers"
		*keeps track of windows / frames / boxes / etc
		*doesn't send stuff to user persay, more or less passing from user
		*manager sends own messages
		*manager has to know what isn't allowed?
	~enable / disable issues:
		*showing / hiding of things, so GUI must communicate with PM
		*PM will pass messages, but not much else
	~editing management
		*editor window
		*everything that happens here.  Oui
		*communicates with debugger
		*communicates a little with compiler manager (compiler lets editor know what lines have problems)
	~compiler management
		*deals with terminal management
		*communicates with editor
		*communicates a little with network
		*communicates with debugger?
	~network management
	~CVS issue: e-mail whenever something is committed
>>"Managers": Design
	~GUI		@Mark
	~Permission	@Ben
	~Compiler	@Dave
	~Editor		@Mark
	~Network	@Dave
	~Debugger	@Ben
>>Roles:
	*Team Lead	@Mark
	*Project Lead	@Mark
	*Req. Lead	@Ben
	*Design Lead	@Dave
	*Config Mng 	@Dave
	*QA		@Ben
	*Testing	@Ben
	*Scribe Guru	@Ben

	*TEAM NAME:
	*Project Management: Tasks, due dates, etc.

>>Next Step:
	*break up managers, divy them into research, submodel them
	*create a full "stub" interface with no functionality
	*Submodel notes:
		~little worry about breaking submodel up
		~NEEDS TO KNOW about MESSAGES
		~who you NEED to talk to
		~how you talk to ME
		~how you can RECEIVE messages
	~DUE: 9/25/03
	~Need to establish communication guidelines
	~Possibility of 2nd meeting?  Sunday nite?  Quick 15 min thing.
	~Mark: take care of proj. mng. thing
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 9/25/2003 8:06pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Review:
	-Mark's got the proj. management
		~CVS monitor, Perl, etc.
	-no one has sub-modeling.  NEED that for next week.
>>Next Week:
	-Documentation
	-Submodels
	-Knowing who talks to who or how
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/07/2003 8:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Debugger Manager things
	*write a go-between for the GUI & the animated / internal debugger
	*creating a front
	*have to get Oreily GDB (or any other GDB)
>>CVS stuff...
	*nearly done
	*beast server nearly online; use SSH
>>Directory Structure
	*folder for each module? +comment?  YUP
>>OS Refocus
	*Linux not big?
>>Dues
	*Requirements 2nd draft due: 10/16 (next Thurs)
	*Set up meeting to double-check
	*re-vamp SRS
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/12/2003 11:35pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Status check:
	*Mark: got the Cintilla editor working with keywords highlighted
		~saving to the server?
	*Dave: CVS working
		~list of dir's he has yet to create.  WxWindows to add?
		~compiling WxWin--> files on their system
	*Ben: what?

>>Comming up!!
	*Meeting with Shomper: 8am Wed.; presenting the SRS (2nd revision... who has that?)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/19/2003 11:20pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Quickie Update
>>Needs?
	*SRS: Use case, due Thurs.  Mark's got it.  I should do it.  :)
	*Presentation!!
	*Requirements Mng. Position??
	*Permissions Interface: bit-matching!
		~32 bits!  w00t!
		~passwords?  that he can rotate?
		~based on password it decides what's enabled
		~passwords with bit-matching?  woah
		~no server connection.  no daemon program.
>>Presentation
	~Mark sends list with our Initials for ideas research
	~have all ideas back by Tuesday 6p
	~Wed: 15 min presentation: 10pm
>>No meetin' Thursday
>>Next meetin': Monday, 11
>Items for consideration
	*Threading
	*Eclipse experimentation (IDE... Dave's development env.)
	*Plink (commandline version of putty)-- Dave's arena
>>Goals
	Dave: getting Plink to run, WXWindows
	Mark: GUI! GUI! GUI!
	Ben: begin code>> permissions manager (experiment with bitmatching)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/27/2003 10:05pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>review of presentation
	~things to add
	~things missed
	~good points
>>discussion of open file dialogue & problems
	~network mapping
	~firewall the linux server?
	~re-creation of the open-file dialogue
	~communication NECCESARY for networks manager
	~elimination of the "up one level" directory nav. button
	~new folder button a possibility?
>>Accomplishments
	~Dave is getting comfy with Eclipse
	~Mark played for hours with the compiler & making a standalone
	~Ben ... wasn't here & dealing with 3 year olds & dizziness
>>needs for next meeting (Thursday)?
	*Design Document (Dave assigns to us)
	*Meeting with animated debugger team (Thursday?)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 10/30/2003 8:33pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Discussion: SDD
	-change to "global" syntax
	-error handling: ALL ERRORS in a log file (initially).  Also #if_def them (#if_def testing make log file)
	-design work on localities of files
	-keep 6.0 in
>>for Sunday
	-alternative meeting time?
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/02/2003 11:33pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Entry:
	-SDD 1.0 in.  2.0 due 13th Nov.
>>Stuff we had to do this week
	-Dave: exec thread -> problems with Cintella compiler, no success compiling.  Question from Ben about -g option in compilation for compiling.
	-Mark: in terms of debugging, using wxWindows "logdebug" for watching errors.  Worked on GUI.  Added debug buttons (play, pause, step over, step into, step out).  Did some work on disabling the save button if no modifications.  Knows how to handle events.
	-Ben: began permissions managing code.  Researched debugger.

>>To do:
	-Ben-->Bring book & get ready for Tuesday to discuss debugger.  Permissions
	-Mark->putting logdebug into section 5.5 of SDD.  Work out debugging buttons in sub-window?
	-Dave->same ole
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/06/2003 8:10pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Progress
	*SDD updated!  W00T!  ;)
	*Team meetings Tuesday
		~"Virtual Prof" looks easy to integrate
		~Animated Debugger?  Dave's skeptical. Low level integrate is plausible, but the high-level integration?  Not gonna happen.  Maybe middle of next semester things'll work out, but otherwise... no worries.

	*The Debugger: as simple as Ben had hoped.  Runs in its own window, so it can be piped.  Mark sees similarities with the networking wrapper.

	*Dave: Progress on the WXProcess.  Not integrated with Plink.

>>File manipulation talk
	*File open dialogue
	*SCP Use?  No.  SFTP to list files & port into dialogue.
	*Threading purposes?  Neccesity?
	*Plink can list.  SCP for copy files.  Or maybe just SFTP.

>>Questions
	*Threading with the blocking?
	*Is the terminal such a big deal?  Will it be hidden in most advanced form?
	*Where do we need to stand at end of semester?
		~some semblence of features together & working together.
		~3 WEEKS... and something needs to be put together

>>Stuff to do: (going to Project Manager)
	*Mark: wants to Lookup "The linux Development Platform", start list of items to put together
	*Ben: needs to start coding debugger
	*Dave?  He knows.  :)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/09/2003 11:26pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Progress?
	*Mark- found a telnet programmy thingie.  Some problems, e-mailed guy for fixes.
	*Dave- tried to get the process class going.  Got distracted.
	*Ben- apparently got the wrong stuff.  Looking for minGW

>>Notes
	*Talk with Jake: doing same thing we're doing?
	*Confusion over Jake's group using the Linux box's GDB & not grabbing minGW.
	*List of specifics working by 20th?

>>To do
	*List of items working by 20th
	*Mark: specifics on open-dialogue
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/16/2003 11:12pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>SDD Talk
	*wants detail
	*return the section we deleted
	*assigning of sections

>>telnet & ssh: DAVE!!
	*diagramed on paper what's goin' on
	*beautiful "Sexy" packet forwarding
	*Putty issues?  Looking into putty-source to see if we can take advantage of it
	*Plink can port-forward...

>>Demo time completions (~###~ => optional, ~###% => strongly recommended)
	*Dave: General LVL1 user running.  Open files, ~listing remote files~, ~embedded terminal%, functional debugger
	*Mark: agree.  Text editor is running...
	*ben: no comment
	*Dave: terminal is *sorta* working.

>>Upcomming week:
	*Tuesday: <<<CODE DAY>>>
	*Mark: Taking TA_Telnet & swapping it into the editor?  Eliminating frills.  Figurin' stuff out.
	*Ben: MinGW.... ack,survive week.  !!!Permissions by 25th!!!
	*Dave: finishing open dialogue.  File listings: LS.  Working with WX processes with Plink.
	*Meeting Thursday... 8pm

>>THANKSGIVING NOTE: Port 5190 with SSH
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Group Meeting 11/16/2003 11:12pm
by: Ben
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
>>Where are we?
	*Presentation Tuesday (panic)
	*Permissions code ... sorta working.  :)
>>Discussion of presentation
	*We should mention interaction with visual debugger & virtual prof.
		~VP: instantiate class, & that'll handle it
		~Debugger: spawn process & it'll do it's thing.
	*Mark & Ben(?) presents
	*Dave does the clicky
	*Tastk list?
		~have more, but is it defined??
		~no.  Gotta hash it out
		~Meeting Monday 8pm 1.5 hr meeting
		~Discuss & Do.
	*Ben needs Chameleon on his box
>>To DO:
	*Meeting tomorrow 8pm!!
	*Adapt permissions with try_catch blocks (if file doesn't open, keep track... return -1)